The CornerGrocer project is a C++ program designed to analyze and present data from a text file containing a list of grocery items. The program reads the list of items from the file differentProdueItems.txt and provides several functionalities to the user. The user can display the frequency of a specific item, allowing the user to input an item name and see how many times it appears in the list. Display all items and their frequencies and list all unique items in the file along with the number of times each appears. Display a histogram of item frequencies and provide a visual representation (using asterisks) of the frequency of each item. This project addresses efficiently analyzing a list of grocery items by counting occurrences, identifying trends, and visualizing the data. This would be very useful for small businesses that want to keep track of their product inventory based on frequency data. What I did the best at was planning out the functionality of the code. For example, I typed out everything I thought I needed before coding. My mentor, who has been helping me get better at coding, has taught me to only use namespace std within certain functions since many people do not use namespace std. To improve this code, I would not put namespace std at a global scope and not use try catch to run error time and instead handle the error checking in the switch statement. For this project, I struggled with trying to figure out how to open the txt file when using a class. To overcome this, I reviewed my Fahrenheit to Celcius project, which gave me some tips, and reached out to my mentor for help. Skills that I have gained that I can carry over to different projects are Encapsulation and Abstraction. Creating and implementing a class called ProduceItem that encapsulates functionality helps in understanding how to organize code in a modular and reusable way. Another great skill is implementing algorithms to count occurrences of items and display results. The way I kept this code maintainability is by using separate files, which allows for simple updates and changes to the code that will not affect the whole project. To improve readability, I used detailed comments to explain what was happening in this part of the code. I ensured methods, variables, and classes were named clearly and consistently so it was easy to understand the purpose of each component. 
